so ultimately money is a token that you
use to buy real resources so if these
guys the rich have a ton of money now
they're going to buy more stuff they're
going to push the price up and you the
ordinary person of this country will get
their stuff so um
this amount of money 700 billion is
unbelievably large it from the very
beginning of covert I've said it will
overwhelm basically what are the
economic effects until it gets resolved
it won't be resolved it doesn't look
it's going to be resolved so the end
result is prices will will stay high
they won't come back down
especially asset price will continue to
rise and living stands will continue to
fall so
that's the video what is money a little
bit complicated but it's something
that's important for people to
understand if they want to understand
what is happening with the economy we're
going to do more explanatory videos but
the key message here is
the government has got enormous into
debt that means somebody has increased
their money holding my analysis says
it's overwhelmingly the rich that
increases inequality that increases
asset prices and price in the shops and
it decreases living standards Ordinary
People